Meta: Add a security policy (#14356)
SerenityOS/serenity: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

> SerenityOS is a hobby operating system developed by volunteers. It is not used anywhere in production (yet!), and so bugs and vulnerabilities can be safely disclosed publicly. If you find an issue, we would prefer if you report it as a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity/issues/new).

Reviewer: I believe "production" here is used in its classic "if it breaks a company will have to pay hundreds of thousands to fix it" sense, otherwise it's my main OS for spreadsheet work :P

> SerenityOS is a hobby operating system developed by volunteers. It is not used anywhere in production (yet!), and so bugs and vulnerabilities can be safely disclosed publicly. If you find an issue, we would prefer if you report it as a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity/issues/new).

Reviewer 2: I think we are just trying to deter folks from filing CVE's for serenity bugs. I think calling out the fact that it is "unreleased" software that we don't offer for support any version of makes it clear that CVE's are not appropriate for SerenityOS.

> SerenityOS is a hobby operating system developed by volunteers. It is not used anywhere in production (yet!), and so bugs and vulnerabilities can be safely disclosed publicly. If you find an issue, we would prefer if you report it as a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity/issues/new).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
SerenityOS is a hobby operating system developed by volunteers. It's still in early development so bugs and vulnerabilities can be safely disclosed publicly. If you find an issue, we would prefer if you report it as a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity/issues/new).
```

I don't think "not used anywhere in production" is factual(depending on the definition) and diminishes the systems great achievements so why not just remove the phrase? Sorry for the :bikeshed:

Author: I've changed it. And don't worry about the bikeshedding, it's helpful in this case. :^)

> We do care about security and encourage people to test it, and so we run a modest [Bug Bounty Program](https://serenityos.org/bounty/) for certain exploitable bugs. So if you find something exploitable, make sure to claim your reward. :^)

Reviewer 4: Should we add a note to please check the oss fuzz tracker before reporting fuzzer bugs?

I remember a year or so ago we saw some people were copy pasting oss-fuzz bugs into the MITRE CVE tracker for questionable reasons.

Reviewer 2: Yes please!
